docs: create guide for primitive data type (#10)
jina-ai/docs: chapters/primitive_data_type.rst

arrays, such as ``np.ndarray`` or ``tensor``.

Jina introduced the new ``jina.types`` module since ``v0.8``.
Primitive data types complete Jina’s design by clarifying the low-level data representation in Jina, yielding a much simpler, safer, and faster interface on the high-level.
More importantly, they ensure the universality and extensibility for Jina in the long-term.

.. contents:: Table of Contents
    :depth: 2

Motivation
====================

Following a progressive manner of software design principle, Jina is shipped with multiple layers of abstractions.
Each layer targets a specific developer group.
As a consequence, developers can choose different levels of API to interact with Jina and accomplish their tasks.

Before we introduce the Jina primitive data types, ``drivers`` helps the ``executors`` to handle the network traffic by directly interacting with the Protobuf messages.
Thus our back-end engineers have to generate or parse stream of bytes in the network layer.
This is not aligned with the design principle of Jina.

Before you start
====================

We expect you have a clean Python 3.7/3.8/3.9 (virtual) build.

> WIth Jina installed on your machine:

Reviewer: Small typo "with"

Author: thanks, fixed!

.. highlight:: bash
.. code-block:: bash

>     pip install -U jina>=0.8

Reviewer 2: I would just assume people install something newer and assume they did this step?

Reviewer: I'm very skeptical about assuming anything in tech

Author: okay, I'll remove `>=0.8`, let's keep this in section `Before you start`

     - derived
     - A Pythonic interface to access and manipulate modalities at chunk level derived from :class:`Document`.
   * - DocumentSet
     - composite
     - A mutable sequence of :class:`Document`.
   * - ChunkSet
     - derived
     - A view of a sequence of :class:`DocumentSet` at a higher granularity level derived from :class:`DocumentSet`.
   * - MatchSet
     - derived
     - A view of a sequence of matched :class:`DocumentSet` derived from :class:`DocumentSet`.
   * - Message
     - composite
     - A Pythonic interface to access and manipulate :class:`MessageProto`.
   * - NdArray
     - basic
     - Representing fixed-size multidimensional items.
   * - DenseNdArray
     - derived
     - A derived type based on :class:`NdArray` which supports quantization.
   * - SparseNdArray
     - derived
     - A derived type based on :class:`NdArray` which stores non-zero entries.
   * - QueryLang
     - basic
     - A Pythonic interface to access and manipulate :class:`QueryLangProto`.
   * - QueryLangSet
     - composite
     - A mutable sequence of :class:`QueryLang`.
   * - Request
     - basic
     - A Pythonic interface to access and manipulate :class:`RequestProto`.

>    * - NameScore

Reviewer 2: is It NameScore or `NamedScore`?

Author: good catch, fixed!

=======================================
A guide on Jina Primitive Data Types
=======================================

.. meta::
   :description: A guide on Jina Primitive Data Types
   :keywords: Jina, primitive data types

> .. note:: This guide expect you have a basic understanding of Jina, if you havn't, please checkout `Jina 101 <https://docs.jina.ai/chapters/101/index.html>`_ first.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.. note:: This guide expect you have a basic understanding of Jina, if you haven't, please check out `Jina 101 <https://docs.jina.ai/chapters/101/index.html>`_ first.
```

Author: thanks! @cristianmtr
